README.md, before:

# A short introduction
Hello there, welcome to my profile. You may know my name from the left side of the profile, so I won't rewrite my name here. (I usually go with **thinkbyte1024** or **ccoremapd** as my username)

I usually interested in backend stuff or mostly under the hood stuff like systems programming, game development and more. Currently I'm learning **Swift** because the syntax were nice and it's my personal preference in learning how to code. I also tried other languages such as **Go**, **Rust** and (probably my next plan to study) **C++**. Most of them are still on amateur level, so expect janky and spaghetti code while I'm writing on it.

Anyway, hope this introduction will get to know me better. 

Be kind, and have a nice day. :-)

## My current plan (I'll keep this updated whenever I can)

- Currently I'm constructing my personal page using **Github Pages** and **Hugo** as my framework. But, due to there are other things that needed to be done such as college assignments, things might get delayed as I'm still struggle with managing my time at this moment. So please, I hope you'll understand.

- I also plan to create a safe contact such as providing a **GPG key** to my email and more. That way you can contact me in a safer way and be able to verify my identity.

Commit message:

Include phrasing for mobile user

README.md, after:

# A short introduction
Hello there, welcome to my profile. You may know my name from the left side of the profile (or above if you're on mobile), so I won't rewrite my name here. (I usually go with **thinkbyte1024** or **ccoremapd** as my username)

I usually interested in backend stuff or mostly under the hood stuff like systems programming, game development and more. Currently I'm learning **Swift** because the syntax were nice and it's my personal preference in learning how to code. I also tried other languages such as **Go**, **Rust** and (probably my next plan to study) **C++**. Most of them are still on amateur level, so expect janky and spaghetti code while I'm writing on it.

Anyway, hope this introduction will get to know me better. 

Be kind, and have a nice day. :-)

## My current plan (I'll keep this updated whenever I can)

- Currently I'm constructing my personal page using **Github Pages** and **Hugo** as my framework. But, due to there are other things that needed to be done such as college assignments, things might get delayed as I'm still struggle with managing my time at this moment. So please, I hope you'll understand.

- I also plan to create a safe contact such as providing a **GPG key** to my email and more. That way you can contact me in a safer way and be able to verify my identity.
